can you to the circle church today is
May eleventh 2011 I'm just going to give
a quick update I've been trying to move
up day all week our computers and
accurate our date not upload the video
so I'm in the bathroom at work right now
I just got to work so excuse me if you
hear it echo I hope it isn't you know be
really loud or you can't hear me so this
week I started to do the exercise
starting left East a sundial mother Jane
so in hack motivate other mothers out
there so you think one pretty good as
everything's black bag we may prefer can
I stop myself I gained I got back up I
think I will all the back in subway
eight pounds and now when I far back as
I was like tat2 part of the salsa 289 so
see how much I gained back some didn't i
didn't know get off the back properly as
we're back to eating my food cuz i
disinfected me on the way around so
often amendments when i started a fixie
bike challenge for myself just to do to
mouth each week at on females
consistently one is peddling no breaking
no stopping so this week I'm doing to
mouth I farted on on Monday and I got a
big girl please because you know let's
eat that come standard oil to walmart
and get the double prime seat because I
see you cannot sit on it I whatever
skinny a big eye hurts your got another
bullet so I've got a bigger seat and
I've been writing in my neighborhood
because its most safest place I was on
how comical front of trail which we have
plenty around here but so let you undo
all that is enough my neighborhood so I
do after work and I continue to go to
those kids and help
membership for Tuesday Thursday and
Saturday I went last my accidental times
we're at work out yet to afternoon so I
went like my ass that working ourselves
great I did it for 10 minutes of cardio
3 40 minutes and 55 minutes stretching
routine and it's more great morning hour
waiting at 277 so keep sunday i'm lost
five pounds so i hope that i get back to
270 mark that like a really start and
see where i can flatten their way and
also other watching people get her of
the rocker labs the No gotcha bypass
surgery plan or whatever let me get the
money I'm going to do it it's four out
of eight hours to make two payments of
480 of 240 or peasant whole thing and it
comes in days doesn't take a week to get
it you come up in aid it is like a
formula like a shame of water or
flavored drink and it is kind of like
helps you block I thing up to eighty
percent others coming so it helps you
limit your intake without having to get
the actual surgery I've heard great
things about it people who've been on it
under switch people will continue to
continue to do their their blogging
because this has some results in turn
south after eight or nine days don't
humor in like you're paying for into a
dollar for a 45 X a fine I'm going to be
blogging every day or just given up
update you know progress i want to see
one way maybe mrs. neele alone
person who has continued go on and done
it
excited about that watching her so
that's one x goes well hopefully in June
or do I I'm start getting the money for
that we don't see how far they are to
give up I have bills money saved up for
that not for weight loss on this and
continue to do my six-week bite
challenge or not we focus on the time
I'm more focused on just doing the
female consistently each each week and
the epidemic because up there our focus
on doing the models I mean a minute to
get my minute consistency I'm going to
drop down that every day if you don't
have an android phone or a marketplace
or if you do I mean download the new is
felt in LOM it it helps you the calorie
counter your workout count and your
weight loss those all those three things
in one bundle and also the calorie
counter is the actual program you can
scan the barcode of your food and it
will tell you the servants on it and
everything you don't have to write down
cell phone please pay per use your cell
phone with you use I mean multiple your
cell phone every day so why not put it
to you you know some that's pretty much
they don't need that kind of lesson week
I'll check back in finally next week on
this weekend off your hard oh so I'll
talk to you later have a blessed day
alright money